external contributors can write RFCs in addition to issues (#7121)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CONTRIBUTING.md

In short, we are open to nearly all contributions! We love feedback in all forms, issues, comments, PRs, etc!

> For larger changes (things other than trivial bug fixes, code cleanup, etc.), we recommend you [write a Sourcegraph RFC](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/communication/rfcs#external-contributors). This lets us all discuss the design and implementation of your change, which helps ensure your time is well spent and that your contribution will be accepted.

Reviewer: isn't this too heavy weight and unfamiliar?  IE I would suspect this discourages contributions.

Reviewer 2: My 2 cents: as a open source project maintainer, I would rather rise the bar for people to even get started working on anything real than struggle to tell the person (after changes of few dozens files have made) "I'm sorry this does not fit the project design; the pull request basically needs a refactor; it might be easier to start over; it's actually took far less time do it myself than explain why X Y Z should or shouldn't be done in a certain way". Situation could be even worse, because there is no time commitment for external contributors, they could just gone disappear due to other priorities, then what to do with half baked PRs?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Unless you feel confident your change will be accepted (trivial bug fixes, code cleanup, etc) you should first create an issue or a [Sourcegraph RFC](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/communication/rfcs#external-contributors) (preferred for bigger changes) to discuss your change with us. This lets us all discuss the design and proposed implementation of your change, which helps ensure your time is well spent and that your contribution will be accepted.
```
